[Music]
if we talk about the world currently the
average life expectancy is 70 years for
men and 75 years for women that might
seem like enough time to check off all
the things you have on your to-do list
but maybe there's more to life than
checking boxes what if people live for
only 24 hours well the first thing I do
is cancel my cable contract and that
dental check-up for next week won't be
around for that
seriously play along with me we don't
have that much time so let's get going
right away
assuming we compress 70 years into 24
hours then approximately 12 minutes
after you're born you start to crawl
your mom has to keep an eye on you at
all times to prevent you from
inadvertently traveling to another state
the problem escalates when you figure
out how to walk 18 minutes after you're
born five minutes after you started
moving not on all fours but two legs
your mouth begins to produce coherent
sounds yay just 23 minutes after you saw
the light of day and you're already a
speaking human on the other hand several
milliseconds pass and those around you
don't look too happy about your
never-ending chatter anymore now you
have to learn discipline fairly soon
then at the age of about two hours you
set off for school zip zip zip and three
hours and 20 minutes after you were born
you graduate in the half of the class
that makes the upper half possible
Congrats that was fast now you'll have
your first full-time job when you're
five or six hours old and when you're
approximately seven and a half hours old
you'll get your first apartment you're
also likely to find a partner somewhere
around this time when you're 17 hours
and 10 minutes old your kids are already
grownups and lived separately at the
ripe old age of 20 hours you retire to
the nearest lake to live out the
remaining hours of your life in peace
come to think of it there's another
problem of a 24 hour long life you can't
travel because you don't have the time
for it you must admit that it's a shame
to spend even one hour of your life
which makes up more than 4% of your
lifespan on going somewhere and then
you'll probably need to come back and
that'll mean you've just blown another
8% of your life and I won't even get
into adventures like flying from New
York to Singapore this journey takes a
bit less than 19 hours almost all of
your life and it's just a one-way flight
which life is kind of - now let's see
how much time you'll spend on different
activities within your lifetime your
work will take at least four hours of
your life you'll spend about 40 minutes
on reading newspapers books magazines
and other sources of information if you
do cook it'll take 50 minutes of your
life to prepare countless breakfasts
lunches and dinners hmm it gets me
thinking about why I don't use food
delivery services an hour and 20 minutes
of your precious life will be wasted in
jam-packed public transport or in
traffic jams isn't that a bit too much
six hours will be spent on watching your
favorite series and movies spending time
at the computer and scrolling through
your social media and if you're a gamer
then it'll take you 43 minutes to play
all the games you have on your list if
you love shopping
you'll spend 2 hours and 40 minutes on
retail therapy but keep in mind that for
a good portion of this time you'll be
searching for the partner you lost
during shopping you'll listen to music
for about 5 hours of your 24 hour long
life and you'll devote approximately 10
minutes of your life to showering in
almost 17 minutes - getting ready before
you leave the apartment you'll be
occupied with laughing crying and
arguing with people for another 20
minutes and if you exercise regularly
your workouts will take up about 24
minutes of your life
now one third of your existence which is
eight hours you'll spend sleeping yep
seems like a waste on the other hand
living for such a short time has its own
plusses for example it'll take you mere
to get to work or university clean your
home or do other chores anyway on the
whole your 24 hour long life is lively
bright and packed with different events
you don't have time for procrastinating
or I'll do it tomorrow's your main life
goal is self educating and getting new
experiences so when activities would you
concentrate on if your life lasted only
24 hours tell me about your choices in
the comment section below but you know
what even though the situation we were
talking about is totally hypothetical
there are creatures on earth who indeed
have super short lives some of them live
for exactly 24 hours for example let's
take the mayfly this insect is the
shortest living animal on the planet and
within 24 hours it has a complete full
lifecycle
unfortunately it's nothing much being
born flying a bit reproducing and
passing away besides the mayfly spends
most of its life in the form of a nymph
that means the insect lives in its
mature winged form for just a few hours
a teeny marine organism called the
gastro trich has a lifespan of about 72
hours or three days and most of the time
this transparent creature spends
swimming along currents and looking for
another animal to attach itself to when
this mission is complete the gastro
trich latches onto the host and
reproduces there as for the animals you
don't need a magnifying glass to spot
the shortest living one is the House
Mouse it lives no longer than a year
plus the tiny rodent has loads of
natural predators such as reptiles birds
and whatnot have you ever seen a what
not anyway despite this the population
of these little guys doesn't get smaller
that's mostly because they breed
lightning-fast on the other hand nature
seems to like extremes otherwise why
would it create a virtually immortal
creature by that I mean a jellyfish
species which has invented a cool trick
to stay alive forever after this tiny
thing has reproduced it ops to transform
back to its baby state so its tentacles
retract its body shrinks and the
jellyfish sinks to
the ocean floor to start its lifecycle
again honestly even researchers admit
that this creature confuses them to no
end at the same time it sounds fun to
live forever or does it what would the
planet look like if people were immortal
you would have to go to the office
forever however slowly you would still
age and it would last for eternity a lot
more people would take up extreme sports
people would be trying an incredible
number of hobbies and careers you would
have problems maintaining lifelong
friendships and relationships because
well you know life long might turn out
to be too long in this case and they'll
just get on your nerves people would
have an extraordinary number of children
grandchildren and so on just imagine the
family reunions assuming people not only
lived forever
but also never fell ill there would be
no need for hospitals and doctors soon
the population of the planet would be so
great that there would be no space for
people to live analysts claim that earth
can comfortably sustain approximately 10
billion people but if nothing changes
will reach this number in 17 years or so
that means if people live forever
we'd have to colonize space create
underwater cities in the oceans and
build multi million story skyscrapers
the ever-increasing population would
need more and more resources which our
poor planet would be unable to provide
fresh foods would become a rarity and
their prices would skyrocket instead
people would eat mass-produced
genetically modified stuff grown in
laboratories how delicious
very soon your clothes and other
personal belongings would look
nondescript in uniform because factories
wouldn't be able to produce anything
exciting and unique with so many people
inhabited earth so considering most of
these facts I guess living forever might
not be such a great thing at all bottom
line each of us has only 24 hours in a
day so think plan how to get the most
and best out of your time don't waste
time on irrelevant stuff I love this
quote from John Howe he said what a
folly to dread the thought
of throwing away life at once and yet
have no regard for throwing it away by
parcels and peace mail Wow and that's
all I have to say about that hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]